Assert if `MODULARIZE` factory function is used with `new`. (#23210)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

3.1.75 (in development)
-----------------------
- When using `-sMODULARIZE` we now assert if the factory function is called with
  the JS `new` keyword.  e.g. `var a = new Module()` rather than `var b =

>   Module()`.  This paves the way for marking the function as `async` which does

Reviewer: The split of backticks over lines looks like it is breaking formatting here, so maybe best to keep `var b = Module()` on one line

Author: That seems odd..

>   not allow `new` to beused.  This usage of `new` here was never documented and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  not allow `new` to be used.  This usage of `new` here was never documented and
```
